vdk-properties-fs: new plugin for local FS properties storage (#1190)
vmware/versatile-data-kit: projects/vdk-plugins/vdk-properties-fs/README.md

This plugin allows vdk-core to read/write properties on the local FS. Mainly for development purposes,
to simplify a use-case with local Properties API usage, that would otherwise require a Control Service instance prerequisite.

> For example, to quick demo a data job that uses a secret, so that secret is quickly stored on the presenter local FS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to quickly demo a data job that uses a secret, so that secret is quickly stored on the presenter's local FS.
```
